Kris Ezra Bio:

Kris Ezra is a Research Scientist at Purdue University in the Center for Integrated Systems in Aerospace who specializes in modeling and simulation approaches for system-of-systems problems.  He received his B.S. (2010), M.S. (2011), and Ph.D. (2015) degrees in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Purdue University under the direction of Dr. Dan DeLaurentis.  His dissertation, entitled “An Integrated Optimization Approach to the Problem of Sensors, Weapons, and Targets” explored large-scale policy trades between solution paradigms in the context of missile defense problems by leveraging agent-based modeling techniques and combinatorial optimization.  His current research interests remain in this area and focus on mathematical modeling, simulation, and optimization for system-of-systems problems for aerospace- and defense-related problems.

Dr. Ezra has been an active member of the System of Systems Laboratory at Purdue University since 2007 and has accumulated more than 10 years of experience in agent-based modeling in this context.  As a result of his research, he has accumulated a growing expertise in simulation design, software architecting, and more recently high-performance computing and system administration.  Based on this growing skillset, Dr. Ezra co-founded Integrated Modeling Solutions Incorporated in 2017 which provides modeling and simulation consulting services and also leverages the Discrete Agent Framework (DAF) 2.0 that he co-invented in 2016.  His research experience has been applied to multiple sponsored projects and activities through Purdue University including work for the MIRE corporation, the Missile Defense Agency, Sandia National Laboratories, Torch Technologies, the Jet Propulsion Laboratories, Lockheed Martin Company, and many others.
